when I've built up my savings, I'll be able to travel to Mexico.
wouldn't it be lovely to enjoy a week soaking up the culture?
the plots failed because of some trusted friends of the king.
after the death of the king, everyone wanted to be a king.
war does not bring anything good to the common people.
Alex had named the little filly Random because she never seemed to have a schedule for anything.
I want to roam around the main house, but I'm really afraid of opening doors to random rooms and finding, you know, hordes of tarantulas that attack me or angry prisoners of war.
Casper, Random and the foal followed them as they loped across the field to the buffalo shed.
He turned Random back and headed for the camp.
Take all the webbing of a normal spider, wad it up and tangle everything together then attach it to random points.
Would someone like Gabriel notice her, if they crossed paths as random strangers at the festival?
He sensed the creature ascend the stairs and chose a room at random, shoving it open with his hip.
Granted, they are probably random occurrences, but the coincidence bothers me.
It was difficult for all of them to work together so Cynthia made two extra copies of a dozen random pages of the ancient text.
Yet the framing of hypothesis is no mere random guesswork; it is left not to the imagination alone, but to the scientific imagination.
The Nevada mines are mostly grouped around the city of Eureka, where the ore occurs in "pockets" disseminated at random through limestone.
The summary of results might as well have been in a foreign language with the medical terminology, abbreviations and sprinkling of what seemed like random numbers.
Choreoathetosis is a syndrome of continuous random movements that usually occur at rest and may appear to be fidgety, dancing, or writhing.
Random assignment to double-blind crossover between THC and placebo (five days) with two day washout.
A great deal of popular theism is undoubtedly hard hit by it; for popular theism is apt to throw its arguments together in very random fashion.